README.md, before:

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/181570338.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17354082)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/timm/moot)
![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/timm/moot) 
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/timm/moot?style=social)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/timm/moot?style=social)

# Moot: Multi-objective optimization  tasks


<img width="87" height="76" align=middle alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/67d70a29-0a85-44ef-88a2-08191321ffa0" />&nbsp;[Documentation](docs/moot.pdf)

APA reference
```
Menzies, T., Chen, T., Ye, Y., Ganguly, K. K., Rayegan, A., & Srinivasan, S. (2025).
MOOT: A repository of many multi-objective optimization tasks (Version 2025) [Data set].
Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17354083
```

```bibtex
@misc{mootdata,
  author       = {Tim Menzies and Tao Chen and Yulong Ye and 
                  Kishan Kumar Ganguly and Amirali Rayegan and 
                  Srinath Srinivasan},
  title        = {{MOOT: A Repository of Many Multi-Objective Optimization Tasks}},
  year         = {2025},
  doi          = {10.5281/zenodo.17354083},
  url          = {https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17354083},
  note         = {Version 2025, GitHub: https://github.com/timm/moot},
  publisher    = {Zenodo}
}
```
Moot is such a good name for datasets to be used to assess different algorithms.

moot: 
1. (adjective) subject to debate, dispute, or uncertainty.  
    "whether they had been successful or not was a moot point"
2. (verb) raise (a question or topic) for discussion; suggest (an idea or possibility).    
   "Sylvia needed a vacation, and a trip to Ireland had been mooted"
3. (noun) a mock trial set up to examine a hypothetical case as an academic exercise.    
   "the object of a moot is to provide practice in developing an argument"

   <img width="1092" height="754" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/56270799-71bf-4d8d-9968-388d10df702b" />

Commit message:

Revise README with new image and definitions
Updated image size and added documentation link. Improved APA reference formatting and provided definition of 'moot'.

README.md, after:

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/181570338.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17354082)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/timm/moot)
![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/timm/moot) 
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/timm/moot?style=social)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/timm/moot?style=social)

# Moot: Multi-objective optimization  tasks


<img  height="150" align=middle alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/58d9c1d9-a5f6-4240-b74b-30396f9c8b56" />
&nbsp;<a href="docs/moot.pdf">Documentation</a> (includes cites to where this data has been used previously).

<br clear=all>

_Reference:_
```
Menzies, T., Chen, T., Ye, Y., Ganguly, K. K., Rayegan, A., & Srinivasan, S. (2025).
MOOT: A repository of many multi-objective optimization tasks (Version 2025) [Data set].
Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17354083
```

```bibtex
@misc{mootdata,
  author       = {Tim Menzies and Tao Chen and Yulong Ye and 
                  Kishan Kumar Ganguly and Amirali Rayegan and 
                  Srinath Srinivasan},
  title        = {{MOOT: A Repository of Many Multi-Objective Optimization Tasks}},
  year         = {2025},
  doi          = {10.5281/zenodo.17354083},
  url          = {https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17354083},
  note         = {Version 2025, GitHub: https://github.com/timm/moot},
  publisher    = {Zenodo}
}
```
Moot is such a good name for datasets to be used to assess different algorithms. Its definition is 

>   (noun) a mock trial set up to examine a hypothetical case as an academic exercise.  "the object of a moot is to provide practice in developing an argument"

   <img width="1092" height="754" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/56270799-71bf-4d8d-9968-388d10df702b" />
